README revisions for v1.0 (#219)
IBM/cloud-operators: README.md

<!-- SHOW operator hub -->

## Upgrading the operator

<!-- END SHOW operator hub -->

Follow the instructions for the kind of installation you used: OperatorHub or the `curl` [installation command](README.md#setting-up-the-operator).

### `curl` installation command

To upgrade existing `curl` installs, you can reinstall the operator with the `curl` [installation command](README.md#setting-up-the-operator).
If your current installation is version 0.1.x or 0.2.x, then follow these steps to complete a successful upgrade.

1. [Copy your secrets and configmaps](#upgrading-to-version-v03-or-v10) to use the new names.
2. Re-run the `curl` [installation command](#setting-up-the-operator) to install the latest version.
3. Verify the new operator is running.
    ```bash
    kubectl get pods -n ibmcloud-operator-system
    ```

> 4. Verify `ibmcloud.ibm.com/v1` `Service` versions provision correctly.

Reviewer: might have to put extra enters before and after the bash codeblock so that it renders properly in the operator hub view, at least I had to in other places

| secret-ibm-cloud-operator              | **ibmcloud-operator-secret**                | Secret with the API key, scoped to the namespace.                                     |
| config-ibm-cloud-operator              | **ibmcloud-operator-defaults**              | ConfigMap with the default values for new resources.                                  |
| ibm-cloud-operator                     | **ibmcloud-operator-config**                | ConfigMap with the management namespace configuration.                                |
| ${namespace}-secret-ibm-cloud-operator | **${namespace}-ibmcloud-operator-secret**   | Management namespace Secret with the API key for ${namespace}.                        |
| ${namespace}-config-ibm-cloud-operator | **${namespace}-ibmcloud-operator-defaults** | Management namespace ConfigMap with default values for new resources in ${namespace}. |

**Tip:** Forgot to update the secret and configmap names before upgrading? The operator will not take action on Service and Binding resources until the new secrets and configmaps have been created. Creating these after the upgrade will also work.

### OperatorHub stable channel

> We're committed to providing continuous updates and bug fixes to the latest stable channel. Subscribing to the `stable` channel in OperatorHub means you automatically get the latest updates without breaking backward compatibility.

Reviewer: maybe don't say we're committed for liability reasons...also will we _definitely_ not have breaking changes going forward?
```suggestion
Continuous updates and bug fixes are provided in the latest stable channel. Subscribing to the `stable` channel in OperatorHub means you automatically get the latest updates without breaking backward compatibility.
```

Author: Good point. Each stable channel will not introduce breaking changes within the same channel. So if we do need breaking changes in the future, we'll introduce them as a new, separate `stablev2` channel or similar.
